Index (every time I say the thing on the left, I actually mean the thing on the right):
your code --> the library code you made.

You have to consider how you encapsulate the implementation details of your code.
Once a piece of code in another project uses your code, and it relies on certain aspect of your code,
it is quite difficult to change something in your code that also changes the outcome of your code.
If you really want this covered, you could make it so that you use different versions of your code,
but that would still benefit from it if you thought about the details of the code.
Thinking it out and putting it in a scheme or somewhere which says how you want it to work also helps
with keeping the amount of details in your head small.

You also have to keep in mind the usage of scopes and how they work.
Keep in mind that you can’t have two items with the same name in the same scope.
Rust does have tools to solve these problems, but try to come up with original names for the things you use.
Rust has a number of features to manage your code's organization. f.e.:
Which details are exposed, which details are private and what names are in scope in the programs.

These features are referred to as the module system, these include:
- Packages: A Cargo feature that lets you build, test, and share crates.
- Crates: A tree of modules that produces a library or executable.
- Modules and use: Let you control the organization, scope, and privacy of paths.
- Paths: A way of naming an item, such as a struct, function, or module.

Crate:
The smallest amount the Rust compiler considers at the time is a crate.
A crate can contain multiple things, but it can be as small as one main or lib file.
Crates can contain modules, these modules may also be defined in other files that get compiled with the crate.

You have 2 forms of crate: binary crate or library crate.
- Binary crates are programs, you can compile to an executable. These must have a main.
- Library crates don't have a main and don't compile to an executable. These provide functionality intended to be
shared over multiple projects. rand (random number generation) is an example of this. When Rustaceans say crate,
they usually refer to the library crate, for which they will also use 'library' sometimes.

The crate root is the source file the Rust compiler starts from and makes up the root module of the crate.

Package:
A bundle of one or more crates that provide a set of functionality.
Contains a Cargo.toml file that describes how to build those crates.
A package can contain as many binary crates as you like but at most 1 library crate.
A package must at least contain 1 crate, whether that's a library or binary one.

--------

When you run cargo new my-project
And you do ls in the project directory you get a Cargo.toml file --> this gives you a package,
and you get a directory src with main.rs (for a binary crate) or lib.rs (for a library crate) in it.
This main.rs or lib.rs is the crate root file.
Cargo passes the crate root files to rustc to build the library or binary with.

A package can have multiple binary crates by placing files in the src/bin directory -->
each file will be a separate binary crate.